you know there are no vehicles
are getting customers right now
and we don't go for a ride says
astronauts we we
I mean I helped design the
cockpit in the shower head so
you're trained as an engineer
yeah I have an engineering
background and I mean I help
change how we operate the so use
even as as the pilot of a
Russian Soyuz I help change some
operations and so is we
we r intrinsically involved with
making space light safe
and so go to marcia conceptually
it's easy to say yeah sure I'd
love to get the orbit I can prop
why I'm there
just got forty percent faster
our way but but I want
I would want to be really
involved with the vehicles and
and making sure that we are
reasonable shot I wanna die in a
way to mars
but I would love the opportunity
to be part of that explore
Moammar the course will be a
very long
journey with the engines we have
now yes certainly and
if it's a sort over free energy
transfer was a nine months or
something there
I think that way to line up
again earth and monitor the
markets are gonna go that way so
this this these are years here
and so week you need many
guitars in many homes
on anything any cans of tuna I
really we'll with my prediction
we will never go to mars with
the engine technology we have
right now
it's like trying to set up
airline flights to Australia in
also I'm thinking we just we
don't have the technology to
make it safe enough that we can
ever do it
we need we need to go from
propellers two jets
we need to go from strength
wings to to metal wings we gets
we're going to invent a bunch of
stuff first
and there's no rush to go to
mars there's no there's no
urgency the earth is a concern
but it's not horribly threatened
that we have to abandon it
I think it's going to be
incremental from station that'll
be it
that's a thirty year project
from station to the moon that's
probably a fifty year project
and then a visual International
Space Station yeah
and then eventually to March but
there there's no big rush this
is just natural I nynex rush
why not saw but because the
trouble is if you if you make it
a race
then as soon as the first person
crosses the finish then you
don't you're done it's not it's
not it's not how we explore
to the right thing to do I'm
you on that